hey guys so this is going to be my
second and final Valentine's look for
this year and this look I did use a
little more color and made it a little
glittery and still pretty kind of
extravagant and dramatic so I hope you
guys enjoyed this video and let's just
get started so the first thing I'm
taking is soft ochre Paint Pot to prime
my eyes and then I'm going to be using
free to be I shadow from Mac with a 286
blending brush and I'm just going to
take this color and start blending it
all the way across my crease from the
inner corner to the outer corner and I
am building this up pretty slowly
because I don't want it to be too strong
at first I am then going to take some
tape and apply that on the side of my
eye to get a nice stroke edge and then
continue adding a little bit more of
that free to be color until it's as dark
as I want it to be after that I'm going
to be taking this color from Bobbi Brown
called ivory and I'm just going to use
that as my eye brow highlight with a
pseudo no lays flat eyeshadow brush
after that I'm going to be taking deep
damson from Mac Pro and using a haka
hodo blending brush I am just going to
start putting this in the outer corner
and starting to build it up there and
pull it just about halfway across the
crease for now and then I'm just going
to kind of lightly blend it the rest of
the way without any extra product and
then just take that 286 brush with a
little bit more free to be and continue
blending that color in so it blends in
really softly and I'm just basically
building up this color until it's as
deep as I want it to be but I'm really
mainly focusing on that outer V and the
crease area I'm not really taking it on
to my eyelid after that I'm going to be
taking beauty marked for mac and then
this is a Sonia Kashuk brush I'm not
sort of the name but it's the only
crease brush that looks like this and
her more affordable line of brushes and
I'm just going to Pat that color on the
outer corner in the outer V area taking
it a little bit more onto the eyelid and
blending it in and now I'm going to go
in with deep damson and just go along
the edges of the beauty marked shade
just to ensure that it blends really
nicely and to give it more of that
purple II kind of cranberry feel and
then again just kind of going back with
that color a little more to soften out
everything and keep it nice and blended
I'm then taking this Nick stroll on
shimmer product with the mac water-based
mixing medium and I'm starting out by
patting a little bit of the mixing
medium onto my eyelid and then I'm going
to use my finger to pat on this color I
really don't actually roll it on my eye
with the actual applicator I think it's
a little messy so I'm just dabbing it on
and the color of this one is salmon is
the name so it's kind of like a pinky
champagne it's really pretty and then
I'm just going to go back in with deep
damson some more just to blend and make
sure everything is extremely blended and
really soft looking as well as kind of
deepening up the crease just a little
bit I'm then taking chroma line from Mac
Pro and the color black black lining my
eyes and then i used the Jordana I
pencil in black point to
my waterline and my camera cut out a
little bit there but I just smudged you
dancin completely under my lower lash
line as well so then I'm taking the S
key to lashes and this style is called
lash Laurette and after that i'm just
going to be using the extended play
mascara for mac and then i'm going to go
in and finish my face products so this
is max select cover up and the color MW
15 and I'm just blending that in with a
190 flat foundation brush and really
just pressing an and under my eyes I've
really been liking this brush to apply
my concealer lately and then I'm going
to be taking the mineralized skinfinish
from Mac in the color light and I'm
using that to set my concealer with a
Sedona least brush again using this just
the cause I've been using my emphasize
for so long lately I just wanted to go
back to this little bit I'm then taking
mac studio fix powder in the color NC 20
with a big Siddle a nice brush and just
setting the rest of my foundation and
giving it a little boost of coverage
with that powder
I'm then going in with the mac
mineralized skinfinish and this is one
of the bronzer colors and it's called
Disney Sun and using this 129 brush
heavily for mac i'm just going to use
that to give myself some bronze as well
as to contour a little bit as I usually
do just under my cheeks and then a
little bit around the sides of my face
as well as my nose and on my neck
after that is then I am taking stereo
rose and if you are a makeup junkie and
you missed out on this the last times
it's come out it has come out again with
the fantasy of flowers collection so try
to get your hands on it if you can it's
absolutely gorgeous as a blush if you're
a fairer skin tone like me Theater
medium i guess and if you're darker skin
tone is just going to be a really
beautiful highlight so i'm just using
that as a blush / highlight and then i'm
going to be taking the jordana lipliner
and rock and rose which is my absolute
favorite talk this to death pretty much
i'm using that to line and fill in my
lips and then i'm going back in with the
mad cremesheen glass and the color
delight which is one of my favorite lip
gloss colors just a beautiful neutral
that looks good on pretty much everybody
so that is the finished look guys I
really hope you enjoyed this final
Valentine's Day tutorial thank you so
much for subscribing and I will see you
next time bye
you